latex2e-OT1-_odot is latex2e-OT1-_cdot in circle
latex2e-OT1-_oplus is latex2e-OT1-+ in circle
latex2e-OT1-_otimes is latex2e-OT1-_times in circle
latex2e-OT1-_textregistered is tipa-OT1-_textscr in circle
amssymb-OT1-_boxdot is latex2e-OT1-_cdot in square
amssymb-OT1-_boxtimes is latex2e-OT1-_times in square
amssymb-OT1-_circledast is latex2e-OT1-_ast in circle
amssymb-OT1-_circledcirc is latex2e-OT1-_bigcirc in circle
amssymb-OT1-_circleddash is latex2e-OT1-_--- in circle
logix-OT1-_CircDivd is latex2e-OT1-_div in circle
logix-OT1-_CircInvNt is logix-OT1-_InvNt in circle
logix-OT1-_CircMinusPlus is latex2e-OT1-_mp in circle
logix-OT1-_CircNand is logix-OT1-_Nand in circle
logix-OT1-_CircNd is latex2e-OT1-_land in circle
logix-OT1-_CircNgt is latex2e-OT1-_sim in circle
logix-OT1-_CircNor is stix-OT1-_barvee in circle
logix-OT1-_CircNt is latex2e-OT1-_lnot in circle
logix-OT1-_CircOr is latex2e-OT1-_lor in circle
logix-OT1-_CircPlusMinus is latex2e-OT1-_pm in circle
logix-OT1-_CircXor is stix-OT1-_wedgebar in circle
mathabx-OT1-_boxasterisk is latex2e-OT1-_ast in square
mathabx-OT1-_boxcirc is latex2e-OT1-_circ in square
mathabx-OT1-_boxdiv is latex2e-OT1-_div in square
mathabx-OT1-_boxtriangleup is latex2e-OT1-_Delta in square
mathabx-OT1-_otriangleup is latex2e-OT1-_Delta in circle
MnSymbol-OT1-_boxbox is amssymb-OT1-_square in square
MnSymbol-OT1-_boxminus is logix-OT1-_Minus in square
MnSymbol-OT1-_boxplus is latex2e-OT1-+ in square
MnSymbol-OT1-_boxvert is latex2e-OT1-| in square
MnSymbol-OT1-_ostar is latex2e-OT1-_star in circle
stix-OT1-_acidfree is latex2e-OT1-_infty in circle
stix-OT1-_circledequal is fdsymbol-OT1-_equal in circle
stix-OT1-_circledparallel is latex2e-OT1-_Vert in circle
stix-OT1-_odotslashdot is MnSymbol-OT1-_slashdiv in circle
stix-OT1-_ogreaterthan is latex2e-OT1-_textgreater in circle
stix-OT1-_olessthan is latex2e-OT1-_textless in circle
stix-OT1-_operp is latex2e-OT1-_perp in circle
stix-OT1-_Otimes is latex2e-OT1-_otimes in circle
stix-OT1-_triangleminus is logix-OT1-_Minus in triangle
stix-OT1-_triangleplus is latex2e-OT1-+ in triangle
stix-OT1-_triangletimes is latex2e-OT1-_times in triangle
stmaryrd-OT1-_boxbslash is latex2e-OT1-_backslash in square
stmaryrd-OT1-_boxslash is latex2e-OT1-/ in square
